and there we end children's programs for
today in Nationwide after the news the
young television Lakers of Britain take
the air competing for the nationwide
Baird trophy schools from all over the
country present their very own video
features s the Remsen is one of the
panel of judges education secretary mark
carlisle explains why he's cutting
thousands of classrooms and dennis heel
is manifested how he differs from tony
benn his main rival for the deputy
leadership of the Labour Party
that's all in nationwide after the news
and now on BBC one at 5:40 the Evening
News with Kenneth Kendall the weather
now from Jim Baker
good evening well it looks like another
rather cool day tomorrow still some
showers around because of the low
pressure to the northeast of us but also
some dry weather around because of this
area of high pressure so starting then
with tonight's chart first of all most
of the showers are confined to the
northern part of the country and
particularly so up over Scotland central
Scotland where there's a band of quite
heavy showers moving southeast worse
that will give way to clearer drier
weather in the far north later on
tonight it's still one or two showers
near the coast though at the same time
some heavier showers spreading down
across parts of northern England quite a
cold night in the north in the south I
think most places having a dry night a
lot of that cleared in the more central
and eastern areas will probably clear a
way to leave a fairly clear start to the
day tomorrow and in fact that's just how
the weather will be tomorrow morning
quite clear a fair amount of sunshine to
begin with but just as today the clouds
going to develop during the morning and
in contrast to today you'll find more
showers around for eastern areas of
England while on the other hand over
Scotland less showers I think quite a
bit of sunshine around particularly on
the western side of Scotland but rather
cloudy at times and quite cool certainly
near the eastern coast of both Scotland
and England that's all for me a very
good evening to you
this is BBC one